Add first example and documentation (#23)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-sap.s4hana.qm: examples/README.md

# Examples

The S/4 HANA Quality Management Ballerina connectors provide practical examples illustrating usage in various
scenarios. Explore
these [examples](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-sap.s4hana.qm/tree/main/examples), covering

> use cases like accessing S/4HANA Master Inspection Characteristic - Read API or Inspection Lot API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use cases database to S/4HANA, paper delivery note to S/4HANA integrations.
```

1. [S/4HANA to Database Integration](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-sap.s4hana.qm/tree/main/examples/SAP-to-Database) -

>    This example demonstrates how to use Ballerina to interact with the `sap.s4hana.api_masterinspcharacteristic_srv:Client` for accessing S/4HANA Quality Management module data, and then updating a MySQL database based on this information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This example demonstrates how to use Ballerina to interact with the `sap.s4hana.api_masterinspcharacteristic_srv:Client` for accessing S/4HANA Quality Management module, and then syncing a MySQL database based on this information.
```

> 2. [Paper invoice to S/4HANA](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-sap.s4hana.qm/tree/main/examples/paper-invoice-to-inspectionlot) -

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. [Paper Delivery Note to S/4HANA](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/module-ballerinax-sap.s4hana.qm/tree/main/examples/paper-invoice-to-inspectionlot) -
```

>    demonstrates how to use Ballerina's `sap.s4hana.api_inspectionlot_srv:Client` for S/4HANA API interactions. Optical character recognition (OCR) with [Eden AI](edenai.co) API is used to extract data from a physical invoice. The data is then used to establish an inspection lot to initiate the inspection process in the S/4HANA QM module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   demonstrates how to use Ballerina's `sap.s4hana.api_inspectionlot_srv:Client` for to interact with S/4HANA. Optical character recognition (OCR) with [Eden AI](edenai.co) API is used to extract data from a physical delivery note. The data is then used to establish an inspection lot to initiate the inspection process in the S/4HANA QM module.
```
